Add a template for fuzz bugs (#4808)
bytecodealliance/wasmtime: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/fuzzbug.md

---
name: Fuzz Bug Report

> about: Report a fuzz bug in wasmtime or cranelift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Report a fuzz bug in Wasmtime or Cranelift
```

title: '<target> fuzzbug: '
labels: bug, fuzz-bug
assignees: ''
---

Thanks for filing an issue! Please fill out the TODOs below, and change `<target>` in the title to the corresponding fuzzing target.

> # OSS-Fuzz Report
> 
> [OSS Fuzz Report](TODO_please_add_the_url)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TODO: add link to an external bug report, if there is one, such as from OSS-Fuzz
```

> # Report
> 
> <details>
> <summary>Click to open the full report</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary>Stack trace or other relevant details</summary>
```

<!-- Please copy the relevant parts of the failure and paste them in the code-block below -->

```
TODO_paste_the_report_here
```

</details>

> # Input
> 
> <details>
> <summary>Click to open the full report</summary>
> 
> <!-- Please base64-encode the input from oss-fuzz, and paste it in the code-block below -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary>Test case input</summary>

<!-- Please base64-encode the input that libFuzzer generated, and paste it in the code-block below -->
```
